doc: Adds example for `mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy` (#3391)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/mongodbatlas_backup_compliance_policy/module/README.md

# Example - MongoDB Atlas Backup Compliance Policy with a module
This example is identical to the [resource example](../resource/README.md) except that it uses a local [module](modules/cluster_with_schedule/main.tf) to manage the `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` and the `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` via the `add_schedule` variable.

> The local module is meant as a placeholder for an enterprise module that cannot be changed by the module user and the module user doesn't have access to run `terraform state` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example module is designed to serve as a reference for platform teams who have created their own module and make it available to internal teams for leveraging the MongoDB Atlas Terraform provider. Typically, these users do not have the ability to execute `terraform state` commands or modify the Terraform state manually.
```
